Update for JS Client caching options and some other missing things (#389)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/sdks/client-sdks/javascript.md

### Initialization options

How the SDK fetches, serves, and caches experiment configurations is configurable via additional optional initialization options:

> | Option                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Default         |

Author: Because the table width changed, each line was "updated"--but for existing options this was just a chance to the internal spacing.

| **`pollAfterFailedInitialization`** (boolean)     | Poll for new configurations even if the initial configurations request failed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`         |
| **`throwOnFailedInitialization`** (boolean)       | Throw an error (reject the promise) if unable to fetch initial configurations during initialization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `true`          |

> | **`numPollRequestRetries`** (number)              | If polling for updated configurations after initialization, the number of additional times a request will be attempted before giving up. Subsequent attempts are done using an exponential backoff.                                                                                                                                    | `7`             |

Author: 👇 After this line is where the newly added options come in

#### Configuration cache
The SDK can cache previously loaded configurations for use in subsequent sessions, speeding up the time for the SDK to initialize.
By default, a Local Storage-based cache is used in a browser environment and a Chrome Storage-based cache is used in a Chrome extension environment.
A custom cache can be provided as the `persistentStore` initialization option.

Caches have a concept of being "expired," dictated by the `maxCacheAgeSeconds` initialization option, and also overridable by the implementation of `isExpired()` for a custom persistent store.
When the cached configuration is not expired, it is considered valid and no fetches will be made for updated configurations.

When fetches are made--either from initialization or regular polling--you can control when the changes take effect with the `updateOnFetch` initialization option.

> It's default of `'always'` will start serving values from the most up-to-date configuration immediately. `'expired'` will only update if the cached configuration--now being used to serve assignments--has expired. 

Author: Note: practically, since we don't fetch when the cache is not expired, `'always'` and `'expired'` are the same for now. However, if we layer in the ability to fire off one-of fetches or a new option for whether or not to fetch if the cache is expired, then this will matter more.

| **`skipInitialRequest`** (boolean)                | Skip the initial request for a new configuration during initialization (if polling is enabled, this will still take place later)                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `false`         |
| **`persistentStore`** (IAsyncStore)               | An asynchronous, persistent storage for caching fetched flag configurations for use in subsequent sessions                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | _Eppo provided_ |

> | **`maxCacheAgeSeconds`** (number)                 | Maximum age, in seconds, previously cached configurations are considered valid and fetching an update configurations will be skipped                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `0`             |

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, but I was finding the wording here a little confusing

```suggestion
| **`maxCacheAgeSeconds`** (number)                 | Maximum age, in seconds, that a previously cached configuration is considered valid and the wait-time before fetching a fresh configuration                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `0`             |
```

| **`useExpiredCache`** (boolean)                   | Consider initialization successfully complete without fetching updates, even if the configuration loaded from the cache is expired                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `false`         |

> | **`updateOnFetch`** (always\|expired\|empty)      | Sets how the configuration is updated after a successful fetch:<br/>• always - immediately start using the new configuration<br/>• expired - immediately start using the new configuration only if the current one has expired<br/>• empty - only use the new configuration if the current one is both expired and uninitialized/empty | `'always'`      |

Reviewer: Neat, I didn't think we could fit bulleted lists in these tables!

Author: ha yeah a bit of a workaround but it works

A custom cache can be provided as the `persistentStore` initialization option.

Caches have a concept of being "expired," dictated by the `maxCacheAgeSeconds` initialization option, and also overridable by the implementation of `isExpired()` for a custom persistent store.
When the cached configuration is not expired, it is considered valid and no fetches will be made for updated configurations.

When fetches are made--either from initialization or regular polling--you can control when the changes take effect with the `updateOnFetch` initialization option.
It's default of `'always'` will start serving values from the most up-to-date configuration immediately. `'expired'` will only update if the cached configuration--now being used to serve assignments--has expired. 
This is useful in combination with polling to prevent configurations in long-lived sessions from getting too stale. `'empty'` will only update if there is no pre-existing configuration (expired or not) and is 
useful in combination with `useExpiredCache` for quickly initializing using a cached configuration and maintaining consistent assignments throughout the session even when the configuration is old. 

> It is essentially prefetching an updated configuration for the next session. 

Reviewer 2: It would be useful to provide two example combinations of parameters: one matching what we want to do for eppo.cloud (fast init) and one if someone wants to have the most correct configuration always

Author: oh good idea!

| **`useExpiredCache`** (boolean)                   | Consider initialization successfully complete without fetching updates, even if the configuration loaded from the cache is expired                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `false`         |
| **`updateOnFetch`** (always\|expired\|empty)      | Sets how the configuration is updated after a successful fetch:<br/>• always - immediately start using the new configuration<br/>• expired - immediately start using the new configuration only if the current one has expired<br/>• empty - only use the new configuration if the current one is both expired and uninitialized/empty | `'always'`      |

#### Configuration cache
The SDK can cache previously loaded configurations for use in subsequent sessions, speeding up the time for the SDK to initialize.
By default, a Local Storage-based cache is used in a browser environment and a Chrome Storage-based cache is used in a Chrome extension environment.
A custom cache can be provided as the `persistentStore` initialization option.

> Caches have a concept of being "expired," dictated by the `maxCacheAgeSeconds` initialization option, and also overridable by the implementation of `isExpired()` for a custom persistent store.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Caches have a concept of being "expired", dictated by the `maxCacheAgeSeconds` initialization option, and also overridable by the implementation of `isExpired()` for a custom persistent store.
```

When the cached configuration is not expired, it is considered valid and no fetches will be made for updated configurations.

When fetches are made--either from initialization or regular polling--you can control when the changes take effect with the `updateOnFetch` initialization option.

> It's default of `'always'` will start serving values from the most up-to-date configuration immediately. `'expired'` will only update if the cached configuration--now being used to serve assignments--has expired. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default of `'always'` will start serving values from the most up-to-date configuration immediately. `'expired'` will only update if the cached configuration--now being used to serve assignments--has expired. 
```

This is useful in combination with polling to prevent configurations in long-lived sessions from getting too stale. `'empty'` will only update if there is no pre-existing configuration (expired or not) and is 
useful in combination with `useExpiredCache` for quickly initializing using a cached configuration and maintaining consistent assignments throughout the session even when the configuration is old. 
It is essentially prefetching an updated configuration for the next session. 

> #### Example configuration options

Author: @leoromanovsky per your comment above I added these in. ([Link to preview](https://deploy-preview-389--eppo-data-docs.netlify.app/sdks/client-sdks/javascript/#example-configuration-options)) Is this what you had in mind? Comments welcome!

> For example, if you want to optimize for always using the latest flag values, you would consider anything cached expired, leave the default of not using expired cached configurations, tell it to poll after successful and failed initializations, and leave the default of always updating after a fetch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to optimize for always using the latest flag values, you would consider anything cached expired, leave the default of not using expired cached configurations, configuring the SDK to poll after successful and failed initializations, and leave the default of `'always'` updating after a fetch.
```

```ts
// Default settings left alone
maxCacheAgeSeconds: 0, // Always consider cached configurations expired

> useExpiredCache: false, // Wait for an updated configuration to be fetched before initialization is considered sucessful

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
useExpiredCache: false, // Wait for an updated configuration to be fetched before initialization is considered successful
```

The SDK will invoke the `logAssignment` function with an `assignment` object that contains the following fields:

| Field                              | Description                                                                                                              | Example                                                                          |

> |------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Author: 👇 I re-ordered the existing fields here, and then added in `metaData` at the bottom.

| `experiment` (string)              | An Eppo experiment key                                                                                                   | "recommendation-algo-allocation-17"                                              |
| `subject` (string)                 | An identifier of the subject or user assigned to the experiment variation                                                | UUID                                                                             |
| `subjectAttributes` (map)          | A free-form map of metadata about the subject. These attributes are only logged if passed to the SDK assignment function | `{ "country": "US" }`                                                            |
| `variation` (string)               | The experiment variation the subject was assigned to                                                                     | "control"                                                                        |

> | `metaData` (Record<string,string>) | Metadata around the assignment, such as the version of the SDK                                                           | `{ "obfuscated: "true", "sdkLanguage": "javascript", "sdkLibVersion": "3.2.1" }` |

Author: We don't pass it 😬
